BSV Twitter Blocklist
=====================================

What is This?
----------------

There are several thousand accounts on Twitter that propagate narratives on behalf of a 
man who has been proven to be a serial con artist, document forger, plagiarist, and 
pathological liar who claims to be the creator of Bitcoin. These accounts waste our time 
filling Twitter with falsehoods and it's best to ignore them.

The accompanied CSV in this repository was generated by performing a graph analysis of 
accounts based upon their interactions with each other. While its accuracy is surely less 
than 100%, a manual review of random accounts on the list show it to have a low rate of false 
positives.

Note: it's not possible to algorithmically analyse intent or support via graph analysis. 
All we can tell is that there are a ton of connections and interactions within the BSV social graph. 
As such, some anti-BSV accounts that have embedded themselves deeply into the BSV social graph 
will be included in the results.

How Do I Use It?
----------------

If you are technically savvy you may use the provided CSV along with either 
[this tool](https://github.com/zonca/twitter_blocklist) or [this tool](https://github.com/JusticeRage/twitter-blocklist)

If you want a more user-friendly version then you may authorize my 
Twitter app (coming soon) to add the accounts from the CSV to your blocklist. Be aware that due to 
rate limits imposed by the Twitter API, it will take as long as 12 hours to complete.

License
-------

This information is published under the terms of the [Unlicense](LICENSE). Do what you wish with it.
